---
id: 3083
title: 5 years old
date: 2014-07-21T12:19:47+00:00
author: David Saltares
layout: post
guid: http://siondream.com/blog/?p=3083
url: /general/5-years-old/
dsq_thread_id:
  - 2860943563
categories:
  - General
tags:
  - blog
  - blogging
  - programming
---
This blog is now a lustrum old. A few days ago I received the yearly invoice from the hosting company, curiosity kicked in and made me check the date for the first one. I was surprised to see it's from July 2009 and thought a recap was in order.

It might have been possible to say that 5 years can make a blog be referred to as _veteran_. If we were in 2010. That is no longer the case. There are many [blogs](http://blog.codinghorror.com/) out there that have been delivering high quality content for over 10 years now (and beyond). However, I believe that having kept doing this all this time is something one can be proud of.

In absolute terms, the numbers are far from impressive, although they mean a lot to me. There's some really awesome content out there, why would people spend some of their valuable time reading this? This blog has had over **300K hits**! Add it to the list of unsolved mysteries. I've posted **235 entries**, which, to be fair, it isn't that much considering we're talking about a 5 year span. There's an average of **3.75 comments per entry**, not a lot but decent given that a lot of the discussion has moved to social networks like Twitter.

Embarrassingly, I started writing in Spanish about films, TV shows and concerts with the assertiveness of a true connoisseur. Past me was clearly a fool. In 2010, the topic started shifting towards technology and computery stuff. Once I moved to the UK in September 2011, all articles were in English and I'd only write about programming and games development.

Currently, the most popular articles in English are:

  * [2D Character creation and animation… For dummies](/general/2d-character-creation-and-animation-for-dummies/)
  * [Populate your Box2D world using the libgdx maps API](/games/populate-your-box2d-world-using-the-libgdx-maps-api/)
  * [Freegemas cloned in Google Play… 4 times](/games/freegemas-cloned-in-google-play-4-times/)

Well, hopefully, I'll be able to keep doing this for a lot longer.